Copy docs from scipp (#13)
scipp/scippneutron: docs/about/release-notes.rst

.. _release-notes:

Release Notes
=============

First release (planned)
-----------------------

Features
~~~~~~~~

> * Functionality from ``scipp.neutron`` is not available in this package.

Reviewer: Expand on this maybe?

Author: ```suggestion
* Functionality from ``scipp.neutron`` is now available in this package.
  This includes in particular the instrument view and "unit conversions" for time-of-flight neutron sources.
```

Features
~~~~~~~~

> * Functionality from ``scipp.neutron`` is now available in this package.

Reviewer: 👍
